HAMLET: To be, or not to be: that is the question.
JAQUES: All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
JULIET: Parting is such sweet sorrow.
ORSINO: If music be the food of love, play on.
POLONIUS: To thine own self be true.
PORTIA: All that glitters is not gold.
HELENA: Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
PUCK: Lord, what fools these mortals be!
FALSTAFF: What is honour? A word. What is in that word honour? What is that honour? Air.
LADY MACBETH: Out, damned spot! Out, I say!
MERCUTIO: If love be rough with you, be rough with love.
LYSANDER: The course of true love never did run smooth.
PROSPERO: We are such stuff as dreams are made on.